Make use of raw and RawInfo more consistent (#274)
quicwg/qlog: draft-ietf-quic-qlog-main-schema.md

## Raw packet and frame information {#raw-info}

While qlog is a high-level logging format, it also allows the inclusion of most
raw wire image information, such as byte lengths and byte values. This is useful
when for example investigating or tuning packetization behavior or determining
encoding/framing overheads. However, these fields are not always necessary, can

> take up considerable space and can have a considerable privacy and security

Reviewer: ```suggestion
take up considerable space, and can have a considerable privacy and security
```

> impact. Where applicable, these fields are grouped in a separate optional field

Reviewer: worth xref to security considerations?

> impact. Where applicable, these fields are grouped in a separate optional field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
impact. Where applicable, these fields are grouped in a separate, optional, field
```

named "raw" of type RawInfo. The exact definition of entities, headers, trailers
and payloads depend on the protocol used.

Definition:

~~~ cddl
RawInfo = {
    ; the full byte length of the entity (e.g., packet or frame),
    ; including possible headers and trailers
    ? length: uint64

    ; the byte length of the entity's payload,
    ; excluding possible headers or trailers
    ? payload_length: uint64

    ; the (potentially truncated) contents of the full entity,
    ; including headers and possibly trailers
    ? data: hexstring
}
~~~
{: #raw-info-def title="RawInfo definition"}

The RawInfo:data field can be truncated for privacy or security purposes, see

> {{truncated-values}}. In this case, the length and payload_lenght fields should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{truncated-values}}. In this case, the length and payload_length fields should
```

> {{truncated-values}}. In this case, the length and payload_lenght fields should

Reviewer: is this a SHOULD requirement?

Either way, it might help to explain why keeping the non-truncated length is advised.

still indicate the non-truncated lengths.

This document does not specify explicit header_length or trailer_length fields.
In protocols without trailers, header_length can be calculated by subtracting
the payload_length from the length. In protocols with trailers (e.g., QUIC's

> AEAD tag), event definitions documents SHOULD define a way to make the
> header_length calculation possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AEAD tag), event definitions documents SHOULD define a how to support
header_length calculation.
```
